All right, so let's once again use factory functions to refactor the code in our job listings test
suite, just so that we make each test a little bit leaner and smaller.
Now it's up to us to determine what kind of factory functions we want and what objects they produce.
We could have, for example, one factory function that just returns this complete object.
But to make things a little bit more lightweight and composable, I proposed that we actually create
two factory functions one to generate a sample root object like this one, and one to generate a sample
config object like this one.
I'm going to separate those responsibilities because I think it might prove helpful to just have them
be in separate functions and we can use whichever one we want or both of them if a test needs it.
So right here I'll define a new factory function, a new function in line in my described block, and
I'm going to call it create root.
And for this a factory function, I'm going to allow it to accept query params just in case any component
wants to customize the query params that it's received with.
I'm going to allow it to provide it right here.
And as well, if a component doesn't care about the query params, I don't want them to have to provide
something as an argument if it doesn't want to.
So I'm going to provide an empty object as a fallback as a fallback value.
If the invoker doesn't give an argument to the create root function when it's invoked.
Then from this function, I'm going to implicitly return a JavaScript object.
So right here I'm going to use the parentheses and my JavaScript object syntax, and then I'm going
to basically have what we have right here, an object with a query property.
And in here I am going to put a page property just so that we have a reasonable default in this case.
Let's see, I'm going to put a page of five, just an arbitrary number.
But if a test wants to give me a different page number, they're going to provide it in this query params
object.
So I want to make sure I take that object and structure it right here.
So if any test gives me a queer params object with a page property and a different value than five,
that page property will overwrite what we have right here.
So each test can still customize not just the page number, but any query params that they care about.
But if they don't care about it, they're just going to fall back to a reasonable value of five.
Right?
Some arbitrary value just so we have a decent fallback.
All right.
Afterwards, I'm going to create another factory function called create config.
And this will be the one that generates the configuration for our shallow mt. function.
So right here, I'm going to make this accept a dollar sign root, which is going to represent my global
root property right here.
And this will similarly return a JavaScript object.
And we're going to have the exact same setup as we have below.
We're going to have a global property set to an object.
That object is going to have a max property and that one will have the dollar sign root global property.
So this is what this dot dollar sign root will be on the mounted component.
Here, I'm not going to provide any kind of reasonable fallback.
I could, for example, try to have it invoke, create root and have it fall back.
That's totally fine.
It's really up to you to determine what you think gives you the most flexibility.
But in this case, I'm mandating that every test give me some kind of root object just so the test communicates
that that is needed and that it's going to provide it manually.
Right.
So I'm requiring any test that invokes create config to give me some kind of root object to the test
and communicate what that root object entails.
And what matters for the given root.
All right.
Let me show you how this is going to work over our next two tests and you'll see the difference.
So right here, we want to replace our former code right here with our factory functions above.
So first I want to replace this code right here.
Right?
So it can invoke the create root function, and I think we will.
And for this test, which only cares about the Axios get method being invoked with the right URL, we
don't really care what page Ron, whether on page one or page two.
For the purposes of testing this logic, we don't really care about the root.
So in this scenario, I'm okay simply invoking create root above and getting some root with some page
number that I technically don't care about.
It is going to be five, but I don't really care about it for the purposes of this test, so I don't
have to scroll up.
I just can assume that Create Root will give me a valid root object which I can assign to Constellation
Dollar Sign Root and then to create my config object right here, I can simply shallow out my job listings
component and instead of providing the configuration object in line, I can invoke my create config
function from above that needs a sample root object, but I have one available from the line above,
so I'm just going to provide dollar sign root.
So we sort of communicate in this test that the route doesn't really matter if the user wants to scroll
up to find out what that object is.
They can.
But I think what I'm trying to communicate here is it doesn't really matter.
We just need some kind of route because we need this property to exist on the component, because that's
what's needed for a computer to work.
But for the purposes of this test, we don't care what this is.
We just need it to exist.
So there's no failure in the terminal.
And that's what I'm sort of trying to represent in my code right here.
I need a route.
I'm going to need it to create the config, but I don't care what that route is.
Right now on the second test, we have a slightly different scenario because I can say that the query
and the page matters, right?
If I'm getting 15 jobs from the backend, if I'm on page one, I'm going to see the first ten.
If I'm on page two, I'm going to see the last five.
So here is where the actual page number matters that you want to communicate that if we're testing for
a maximum of ten jobs, the user does have to be on page number one.
So having a query operand with a page equal to a string of one does matter for this test to be true.
Right.
There is some variation in how this logic works.
So if we want to show a ten jobs, we do have to be on page one.
I want to communicate that to the reader.
So once again, I'm going to invoke my create root function from above.
And this object or this function rather accepts an argument of query params.
So let's provide some custom create plan params below.
So right here I'll create a constant called query params and I'll provide params with a custom page
property set to one that's going to allow me to overwrite this fallback right here.
So now that I have my custom create params, I'm going to pass them into my create root factory function.
So they're going to flow in right here.
They're going to override the page property right here.
And they're going to give us back a sample valid root object.
So I can assign this to const dollar sign root.
And now we have a root object, so we no longer need this former one.
We have still communicated that the page property matters, that the value of one matters, but we've
kind of isolated the rest of that view test utils setup to a factory function above that somebody does
not have to scroll up to see.
All right.
Same rules apply here.
Instead of having this complex configuration object, we can simply invoke create config.
That create config factory function needs a sample root object.
We can provide the one from above that has our custom page property set to one.
Save that, let's run our test suite and everything passes.
Perfect.
So I really like the approach where this is going.
I think our tests are pretty reasonable.
They're pretty short.
They're kind of all a bunch of small lines that proceed in order.
We are mocking our API call, we're creating some sample params, we're creating a sample root that
we need in order for this to be satisfied.
We are caring about what it is.
We're shallow, mounting and creating some kind of config that involves that root.
Then we are using, of course, flush promises to complete all the promises and then we're verifying
that we see indeed ten job listings given that we have ten jobs returning from the back end.
All right.
So with this factory function approach, I think we have the best of all worlds where once again, the
tests can communicate what matters.
And the tests that don't care about something can simply use those factory functions and expect a reasonable
default that they can use.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.